ram = random access memory 
              |
    control unit hold info

The major sections of a CPU
1)Conrtol Unit
2)Arithmetic Logic Unit

1)Control Unit:- a.The Control Unit of a CPU controls all the activities and operation of the computer.
b.It is also responsible for controlling input or output and memories and other device connected to the CPU.
c.The control unit act like a supervise which determine the sick rays in which computer programm and instructions 
are executed.

2)Arithmetic Logic Unit:- The data inputed to input device is store in the primary storage unit.
a.The ALU perform arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, and multiplication another logical control
unit logical control unit logical operation and or,equal,greater than,less than.
b.The info are the data is transmit to arithmetical unit from a storage unit only than it is
required after completing the operation.The result is either written to the storage wunit for 
further processing letting store.

# Memory Units => 1)Memories Units is an essential part of the computer system which is used to store data 
and instructions before and after processing.
2)The memory unit transmit the information to other unit of the computer system when required.
3)There are two types of memory units 
a.Primary b.Secondary

a.Primary Memory:- 1)The Primary Memory can not store a vast amount of data.
The data stored primary memory is temparory the data will be lost if they are disconnected from power supplies.
The primary in usually store the input data and immediately calculate result.
2)The primary memory also known as the main random access memory(RAM) is an example of primary memeory usually be 
 a.Volatile    b.Semiconductor   c.Secondary memory

1)The use of primary memories is not possible data permantely for future access.
2)Therefore,Some other options to store the data permanently for future use which is 
knowm as Secondary Memory or Auxillary storage or permanent storage these are external
storage or no volatile.
3)The data store in the secondary memory is when there is a power are no power supply.
4)Device Hard disk is usually consider a secondary memory.
note:- Are magnetic & optical backup memory,permanently store even if power switch off.
5)Primary memory is the only memory that is directly accessible to the CPU secondary memory is not directly
accessible to the CPU.

#Output Unit
1)The output unit consist od device that are used to display the result or output of processing.
2)The output data is first store in the memory and then display in numerical from output device.
3)Some of the widely used out device are monitor,printer & projector.The output unit performs following 
major functions
