# Characteristics Of Computer #
1)Speed
2)Accuracy
3)Diligance
4)Versality

Q.What are the Characteristics of Computer?
=>There are various characteristics of computer system depending on their size,capacity and specification but the major
charcteristics of computer can be classify into 
1)Speed  2)Accuracy  3)Deligance  4)Vertility  5)Reliablity  6)Consistency  7)Memory  8)Storage Capacity  9)Rememberance power
10)Automation

1)Speed of Computer:- a.Speed is one of the major characterisitics of computer system.
b.A computer works so fast that it can process any task and provide the output in function of second.
c.A powerful computer can handle tolerance of instructions per second which is really incrible for the speed
of a computer is major in micro-second and nano-second.

2)Accuracy:-a.Computer not only provide incrible speed instead they also capable of consuting speed working with 
accuracy.
b.The degree of accuracy in computer is very high computer can perform calculator at almost 100% Accuracy.
c.Error many occurs in a computer system but only recalls of wrong human input or inaccurate data.

3)Diligance of Computer:-a.Unlike a human the computer does not get tired or lacks its connection.
b.Due to this charactristics its over power human being is most of the regular task.
c.It can burst for hours without any fault this means that 3 millions of calculation are to hidden a computer in 
performance every calculation and provide all the result with same accuracy.

4)Versality of Computer:-a.Versality is one of the most wonderful feature of computer this means that the computer 
this means that the computer has the ability of performance completely different kind of works with the same accuracy
and efficiency at the same time.It is not just a calculation machine anymore.
for ex.For one moment it can be used to create invoices or bills and tax moment,it can be used for inventory management 
or any multi media task.

5)Reliablity:-The result obtained by they are very reliable.But this is true only when the data give to the computer 
a program is corrected or reliable.

6)Consistency:- a.The computer is so consistent that is it can perform tolerance of process without error for several hours.
b.This means that we can use computer 24 hours a day or 365 days a year continously performance it provide consistency in the
form of some set of data.

7)Memory of Computer:-a.A memory of computer has a big built in memory where it can store distant 
b.Random access memory (Primary memory) that holds data as long as computer is connected to a power source
Computer including rom(Read only memory)

8)Storage Capacity:-a.Computer can store vast amount of data today's computer have increased storing capacity compared to
earlier day.
b.We also have the option to store data in secondary device such as external device or floppy disk.
c.This secondary device can be kept separated from the computer all attached to other computer.
d.The storage capacity of the computer is commonly measured in mega-byte,giga-byte(gb),tera-byte(tb) & peta-byte(pb)

9)Remembrance Power:-a.The computer has the power to store any data or information for as long as we like data can also be recall easily.
b.It is our choice to decide how much data we want to store on the computer & when to recall & erase this data.

10)Automation:-a.Computer can also be used to automate routined task with the help of a task schedular such as launching
a specific application or software.
b.Sending an email scanning for viruses many other maintanance task.
c.Daily computers can also be programmed to performs many complex task.
foe example,the computer can start daily maintanence task automatically when it is this include task such as software update,
security scanning,& system diagonasting.

#Limitions of Computer
1.The computer itself can not function.It needs a set of instructions to perform of process to talk.
2.Computer cant think or feel like human they can only work accroding to the instructions.
3.Power is required to operate the computer and unaccepeted problem or error can occurs in the            of a breakdown of
a system.
