#The flowchart in the C Programming language

What do you mean by flowchart?
The flowchart is the most widely used graphical representation of an algorithm and procedure 
design workflows.It uses various symbols to show the operations and decisions to be followed
in program.It flows in sequentiwl order.

Flowchartt symbols:
The different flowchart symbols 3Thave diffrent conventional meanings.

#The various symbols used in flowchart designs are given below.

1)Terminal Symbol:- In the flowchart it is represented with the help of a circle for denoting the start a 
stop symbol.The symbol given below is used to represent the terminal symbol.

2)Input/OUtput Symbol:- The input symbol is used to represent the input data and the output symbol used to 
display the output operation.

3)Processing Symbol:- is represented in a flowchart with the help of a rectangle box used to represent the 
arithmetic and data movement instructions.

4)Decision Symbol:- Diamond symbol is used for represents decision-making statements.

5)Connector Symbol:- The connector symbol is used if flows discontinued at some point and continued again
at another place.

6)Flow lines:-  it represents the exact sequence in which instructions are executed.Arrows are used to
represent the flow lines in a flowchart.

7)Hexagon symbol(Flat):- It is used to crate a preparation box containing the loop setting statement.

8)On-page Reference Symbol:- The symbol contains a letter inside that indicates the flow continues on a 
matching symbol containing the same leters somewhere else on the same page.

9)Off-Page Reference:- This symbol contains a letter inside indicating that the flow continues on a matching
symbol conatining same letter somewhere else on a different page.

10)Delay or Bottleneck:- This symbol is used for identifying a delay in a flowchart.The alternative name used 
for the delay is the bottleneck.

11)Document Symbol:- This symbol is used in a flowchart to indicate a document or report.

12)Internal Storage Symbol:-The symbol is used to represent the internal storage.

